Hi guys, Korean Movie Recapped here. Before
we start, WARNING! Spoilers Ahead! Today, I’m
going to recap a 2003 Korean Crime Thriller movie,
called Memories of Murder. This movie is loosely
based on the true story of South Korea's first
confirmed serial murders in 1986, in Hwaseong
city. Due to the notoriety of the case, 2 million
officers were mobilized. 40,116 individuals were
investigated and 21,280 turned into suspects at
that time. So, who did the culprit kill? What was
the motive behind the killings? Let’s find it out.
The movie starts with local detective Park,
investigating a crime scene. In the sewer, he
finds a woman’s corpse with hands tied behind
her back. Nearby, the kids play with the evidence
which is the victim’s clothings. The next day,
Park starts to interrogate people who have been
close to the victim. However, before solving the
first murder, he is called to another crime
scene where another woman becomes the victim.
Her hands are tied behind the back, her underwear
cover her face and gag her mouth. He is mad
because the forensics team hasn’t arrived and
the crime scene has already been destroyed by
the villagers who are curious about the incident.
While he is at home, his Wife says that there is
a mentally handicapped boy named Baek who likes
to lurk around women. He also lurked around the
last victim before her death. Park immediately
goes to the boy’s house to interrogate him.
He tries to provoke Baek by talking about his
liking towards women. Frustrated by Baek’s denial,
Park invites his partner Cho who immediately kicks
him down and beats him. In the morning, Seo joins
the team to uncover the case. He voluntarily
comes down from Seoul to find the culprit.
During interrogation, Park and Cho continue to
corner Baek for confession by threatening him to
bury the boy alive, if he still doesn’t want to
confess. When Park is talking about the victim,
Baek suddenly explains how the woman was killed.
Even though the team has gotten Baek’s confession,
Seo is still unconvinced and continues to study
the case’s documents. Having successfully caught
the culprit, Park, Cho, and the Chief try to
remake the crime scene with the reporters’
coverage, to boost their popularity. However,
Seo realizes that Baek’s hands are flawed and
cannot do such actions, especially tying
rope knots around the victims’ hands.
Despite the finding, the team still tries to
frame Baek but is thwarted by the villagers.
The villagers wreak havoc during the
remake and Baek is forcibly released.
After losing the case, the Chief is reassigned
to another case and a new Chief shows up.
On the first day, the new Chief asks Park about
the investigation’s update. Still unsatisfied with
the information, the Chief visits the first crime
scene and Seo adds that the perpetrator only acts
in the rain and only targets red-dressed women.
He also adds that he found a missing person report
that matches the crime’s traits, and believes that
there is a third victim that is yet to be found.
Park denies the hypothesis but the Chief believes
Seo. With Seo’s leads, the team scopes through the
location and finds the corpse. They are further
convinced that the third victim fell to the same
culprit since the features are present. Her hands
are tied behind her back with the same knot, her
face is covered by her underwear, and the culprit
used her underwear to strangle her to death.
Knowing the traits, they decide to bait
the perpetrator. A woman is dressed in red
and tasked to walk in the rain. However,
the culprit ignores the bait. Meanwhile,
a woman is walking in the rain when
she suddenly hears a strange whistle.
Afraid of the past incidents, she tries
to run away but is caught by the culprit.
Even though she was not wearing a red dress,
the detectives conclude that the crime is
done by the same perpetrator since all the
other traits are present. In the office,
a crew uncovers another characteristic where a
certain Song is always played on a radio station,
when the killings happen. The team rushes
to the station to track the origin,
but the radio crew has dumped the request letters.
In the night, they decide to revisit the latest
scene to look for more leads. There, they find a
man trying to fantasize with women's underwear.
The man admits that he just fantasizes
things and hasn't done any crime.
In the office, they continue to force him into
confession despite the villagers' protest.
The man ridicules the initiative by adding
more to the story. He adds that there is a
crazy person who lives in a school’s restroom.
Seo decides to look more into the story, so he
visits the school’s restroom in question. There,
he meets a teacher who says that the suspected
person is supposedly living in an outhouse nearby.
In the outhouse, the crew finds that the suspect
is actually a woman who is also a victim but
survived. She doesn’t remember the culprit’s
face but remembers that the culprit’s palms are
soft like a woman’s. In the office, Seo checks
the previous suspect’s palms and finds that his
hands are rough, unlike the victim’s description.
Seo forces Park to release the suspect but they
fight due to the difference in their belief.
Suddenly, the Song which is also the perpetrator’s
trait is played on the radio amid the rain.
Seo tries to ask the radio crew about
the song request but is turned down.
They try to request the policemen to do a search
but are denied due to the riots in other cities.
The next day, a woman is found dead in a field
and is brought to the autopsy room. There,
they find peach fruit inside the woman’s private
part, which is a new characteristic to the crime.
Still clueless about the perpetrator, the
team felt disappointed by their failure.
Fortunately, a radio crew calls them and says
that they’ve found the request letter. Turns out,
the requestor is Hyeon, who is a factory worker.
They rush to Hyeon’s house only to find his mother
who tells them that Hyeon is working in the
factory. Hyeon is determined as another suspect
and is interrogated by the team. Seo finds that
Hyeon’s palms are soft just like the surviving
victim says. They also find that he started to
live in the village around September, the same as
when the killings started. He also admits that he
requests the Song everytime rain falls. Moreover,
he also forgot about the last song that was played
even though claiming that he didn’t leave the
house last night. As the crew desperately accuses
Hyeon, he breaks and the situation intensifies.
Cho kicks him in the chest and the Chief prohibits
him from entering the interrogation room.
When replaying the previous suspects’
interrogation tapes, they realize that Baek’s
story is actually a description when he witnessed
the killing. Baek witnessed the perpetrator’s
action while he was following the second victim.
With the new lead, they visit Baek’s house to
look for him. But they find Cho instead. Cho
is down after being scolded by the Chief,
and takes it out on the customers who are dissing
the detectives’ effort in capturing the culprit.
When Baek comes home, he tries to join
the fight but punctures Cho’s leg instead.
He runs away but is caught by Park and Seo. When
he is asked about the culprit’s face, his father
comes to rescue him. In the panic, Baek runs
away but crashes into a running train and dies.
Without any strong evidence,
Hyeon is finally dismissed.
The team is once again left without any leads.
Luckily, another team finds the culprit’s semen
on one of the victims’ corpses. The sample
will be used for DNA matching with Hyeon’s DNA.
However, the test can only be carried out in
America since they don’t have the technology.
While waiting for the result, Seo continues to
stalk Hyeon for more leads. However, when Hyeon
is leaving on a bus, Seo’s car cannot start
and he fails to follow him. The next morning,
another victim is found by the police. A pen and
a spoon is stuck inside the victim’s private part.
Seeing this, Seo regrets the situation deeply
since the victim is a teenage girl who he knows,
and he could’ve prevented the killing if his car
worked properly. Seo is enraged and beats Hyeon
to make up for his regret. When he is about to
shoot Hyeon, Park comes with the test result.
Turns out, the DNA test comes out negative and
Hyeon’s DNA doesn’t match with the culprit’s.
Hyeon is once again dismissed and
the case is closed as unsolved.
17 years later, Park who has quitted his job
as detective, revisits the first crime scene.
There, a girl told him that a man also visited the
same place some time ago to reminisce about his
past actions. Realizing that the man could be the
perpetrator, Park asks the girl about his face.
She says that the man’s face is plain, without
any suspicion. In the end, Park looks into
the camera as if he starts to look for the
culprit once more, with a new broader lead.
Subscribe to watch more videos like this,
turn on notifications, and leave a like
and comment to help the channel out. Thank
you for watching, and see you, next time.